com/cgfay/filter/glfilter/adjust/GLImageBrightnessFilter.java
 com.cgfay.filter.glfilter.adjust.GLImageBrightnessFilter
com/cgfay/filter/glfilter/base/GLImageDepthBlurFilter.java
 com.cgfay.filter.glfilter.base.GLImageDepthBlurFilter
com/cgfay/filter/glfilter/base/GLImageYUVInputFilter.java
 com.cgfay.filter.glfilter.base.GLImageYUVInputFilter
com/cgfay/filter/glfilter/resource/ResourceIndexCodec.java
 com.cgfay.filter.glfilter.resource.ResourceIndexCodec
com/cgfay/filter/glfilter/stickers/StaticStickerNormalFilter.java
 com.cgfay.filter.glfilter.stickers.StaticStickerNormalFilter
com/cgfay/filter/glfilter/base/GLImage512LookupTableFilter.java
 com.cgfay.filter.glfilter.base.GLImage512LookupTableFilter
com/cgfay/filter/glfilter/base/GLImageVignetteFilter.java
 com.cgfay.filter.glfilter.base.GLImageVignetteFilter
com/cgfay/filter/glfilter/resource/ResourceCodec.java
 com.cgfay.filter.glfilter.resource.ResourceCodec
 com.cgfay.filter.glfilter.resource.ResourceCodec$1
 com.cgfay.filter.glfilter.resource.ResourceCodec$FileDescription
com/cgfay/filter/glfilter/stickers/bean/StaticStickerNormalData.java
 com.cgfay.filter.glfilter.stickers.bean.StaticStickerNormalData
com/cgfay/filter/glfilter/adjust/GLImageContrastFilter.java
 com.cgfay.filter.glfilter.adjust.GLImageContrastFilter
com/cgfay/filter/glfilter/mosaic/GLImageMosaicCircleFilter.java
 com.cgfay.filter.glfilter.mosaic.GLImageMosaicCircleFilter
com/cgfay/filter/glfilter/adjust/bean/AdjustParam.java
 com.cgfay.filter.glfilter.adjust.bean.AdjustParam
com/cgfay/filter/glfilter/resource/ResourceDataCodec.java
 com.cgfay.filter.glfilter.resource.ResourceDataCodec
com/cgfay/filter/glfilter/stickers/GestureHelp.java
 com.cgfay.filter.glfilter.stickers.GestureHelp
com/cgfay/filter/glfilter/effect/GLImageEffectScaleFilter.java
 com.cgfay.filter.glfilter.effect.GLImageEffectScaleFilter
com/cgfay/filter/glfilter/effect/GLImageEffectBlackWhiteThreeFilter.java
 com.cgfay.filter.glfilter.effect.GLImageEffectBlackWhiteThreeFilter
com/cgfay/filter/glfilter/stickers/DynamicStickerLoader.java
 com.cgfay.filter.glfilter.stickers.DynamicStickerLoader
com/cgfay/filter/glfilter/beauty/GLImageBeautyAdjustFilter.java
 com.cgfay.filter.glfilter.beauty.GLImageBeautyAdjustFilter
com/cgfay/filter/glfilter/stickers/bean/DynamicStickerData.java
 com.cgfay.filter.glfilter.stickers.bean.DynamicStickerData
com/cgfay/filter/glfilter/utils/MatrixHelper.java
 com.cgfay.filter.glfilter.utils.MatrixHelper
com/cgfay/filter/glfilter/beauty/GLImageBeautyComplexionFilter.java
 com.cgfay.filter.glfilter.beauty.GLImageBeautyComplexionFilter
com/cgfay/filter/glfilter/resource/FilterHelper.java
 com.cgfay.filter.glfilter.resource.FilterHelper
com/cgfay/filter/glfilter/effect/bean/DynamicEffectData.java
 com.cgfay.filter.glfilter.effect.bean.DynamicEffectData
 com.cgfay.filter.glfilter.effect.bean.DynamicEffectData$UniformData
 com.cgfay.filter.glfilter.effect.bean.DynamicEffectData$UniformSampler
com/cgfay/filter/glfilter/effect/GLImageEffectMultiBlurFilter.java
 com.cgfay.filter.glfilter.effect.GLImageEffectMultiBlurFilter
com/cgfay/filter/glfilter/face/GLImageFaceReshapeFilter.java
 com.cgfay.filter.glfilter.face.GLImageFaceReshapeFilter
com/cgfay/filter/glfilter/adjust/GLImageMirrorFilter.java
 com.cgfay.filter.glfilter.adjust.GLImageMirrorFilter
com/cgfay/filter/glfilter/beauty/GLImageBeautyFaceFilter.java
 com.cgfay.filter.glfilter.beauty.GLImageBeautyFaceFilter
com/cgfay/filter/glfilter/makeup/MakeupPupilLoader.java
 com.cgfay.filter.glfilter.makeup.MakeupPupilLoader
com/cgfay/filter/glfilter/utils/TextureRotationUtils.java
 com.cgfay.filter.glfilter.utils.TextureRotationUtils
 com.cgfay.filter.glfilter.utils.TextureRotationUtils$1
com/cgfay/filter/glfilter/effect/GLImageEffectMultiThreeFilter.java
 com.cgfay.filter.glfilter.effect.GLImageEffectMultiThreeFilter
com/cgfay/filter/glfilter/effect/bean/DynamicEffect.java
 com.cgfay.filter.glfilter.effect.bean.DynamicEffect
com/cgfay/filter/gles/WindowSurface.java
 com.cgfay.filter.gles.WindowSurface
com/cgfay/filter/glfilter/resource/ResourceHelper.java
 com.cgfay.filter.glfilter.resource.ResourceHelper
com/cgfay/filter/widget/GLImageSurfaceView.java
 com.cgfay.filter.widget.GLImageSurfaceView
 com.cgfay.filter.widget.GLImageSurfaceView$1
 com.cgfay.filter.widget.GLImageSurfaceView$2
 com.cgfay.filter.widget.GLImageSurfaceView$CaptureCallback
com/cgfay/filter/glfilter/effect/GLImageEffectShakeFilter.java
 com.cgfay.filter.glfilter.effect.GLImageEffectShakeFilter
com/cgfay/filter/audioplayer/AutoFocusPlayer.java
 com.cgfay.filter.audioplayer.AutoFocusPlayer
 com.cgfay.filter.audioplayer.AutoFocusPlayer$1
com/cgfay/filter/glfilter/adjust/bean/IAdjust.java
 com.cgfay.filter.glfilter.adjust.bean.IAdjust
com/cgfay/filter/glfilter/adjust/GLImageSharpenFilter.java
 com.cgfay.filter.glfilter.adjust.GLImageSharpenFilter
com/cgfay/filter/glfilter/stickers/DynamicStickerNormalFilter.java
 com.cgfay.filter.glfilter.stickers.DynamicStickerNormalFilter
com/cgfay/filter/glfilter/effect/GLImageEffectMultiSixFilter.java
 com.cgfay.filter.glfilter.effect.GLImageEffectMultiSixFilter
com/cgfay/filter/glfilter/makeup/bean/MakeupType.java
 com.cgfay.filter.glfilter.makeup.bean.MakeupType
 com.cgfay.filter.glfilter.makeup.bean.MakeupType$MakeupIndex
com/cgfay/filter/glfilter/beauty/GLImageBeautyHighPassFilter.java
 com.cgfay.filter.glfilter.beauty.GLImageBeautyHighPassFilter
com/cgfay/filter/glfilter/effect/GLImageEffectMultiFourFilter.java
 com.cgfay.filter.glfilter.effect.GLImageEffectMultiFourFilter
com/cgfay/filter/glfilter/color/DynamicColorLoader.java
 com.cgfay.filter.glfilter.color.DynamicColorLoader
com/cgfay/filter/glfilter/mosaic/GLImageMosaicHexagonFilter.java
 com.cgfay.filter.glfilter.mosaic.GLImageMosaicHexagonFilter
com/cgfay/filter/audioplayer/AudioFocusManager.java
 com.cgfay.filter.audioplayer.AudioFocusManager
 com.cgfay.filter.audioplayer.AudioFocusManager$1
 com.cgfay.filter.audioplayer.AudioFocusManager$ManagerHolder
com/cgfay/filter/glfilter/effect/GLImageEffectMultiTwoFilter.java
 com.cgfay.filter.glfilter.effect.GLImageEffectMultiTwoFilter
com/cgfay/filter/glfilter/resource/ResourceJsonCodec.java
 com.cgfay.filter.glfilter.resource.ResourceJsonCodec
com/cgfay/filter/glfilter/beauty/GLImageBeautyFilter.java
 com.cgfay.filter.glfilter.beauty.GLImageBeautyFilter
com/cgfay/filter/glfilter/mosaic/GLImageMosaicFilter.java
 com.cgfay.filter.glfilter.mosaic.GLImageMosaicFilter
com/cgfay/filter/glfilter/effect/DynamicEffectBaseFilter.java
 com.cgfay.filter.glfilter.effect.DynamicEffectBaseFilter
com/cgfay/filter/glfilter/resource/ResourceBaseHelper.java
 com.cgfay.filter.glfilter.resource.ResourceBaseHelper
com/cgfay/filter/glfilter/beauty/GLImageBeautyBlurFilter.java
 com.cgfay.filter.glfilter.beauty.GLImageBeautyBlurFilter
com/cgfay/filter/gles/EglSurfaceBase.java
 com.cgfay.filter.gles.EglSurfaceBase
com/cgfay/filter/glfilter/base/GLImage3x3TextureSamplingFilter.java
 com.cgfay.filter.glfilter.base.GLImage3x3TextureSamplingFilter
com/cgfay/filter/glfilter/effect/GLImageEffectMultiNineFilter.java
 com.cgfay.filter.glfilter.effect.GLImageEffectMultiNineFilter
com/cgfay/filter/glfilter/base/GLImageGaussPassFilter.java
 com.cgfay.filter.glfilter.base.GLImageGaussPassFilter
com/cgfay/filter/glfilter/stickers/bean/DynamicStickerNormalData.java
 com.cgfay.filter.glfilter.stickers.bean.DynamicStickerNormalData
com/cgfay/filter/glfilter/effect/DynamicEffectFilter.java
 com.cgfay.filter.glfilter.effect.DynamicEffectFilter
com/cgfay/filter/glfilter/makeup/bean/MakeupLipstickData.java
 com.cgfay.filter.glfilter.makeup.bean.MakeupLipstickData
com/cgfay/filter/glfilter/adjust/GLImageExposureFilter.java
 com.cgfay.filter.glfilter.adjust.GLImageExposureFilter
com/cgfay/filter/glfilter/stickers/bean/DynamicStickerFrameData.java
 com.cgfay.filter.glfilter.stickers.bean.DynamicStickerFrameData
com/cgfay/filter/glfilter/color/bean/DynamicColor.java
 com.cgfay.filter.glfilter.color.bean.DynamicColor
com/cgfay/filter/glfilter/makeup/bean/MakeupMaterialData.java
 com.cgfay.filter.glfilter.makeup.bean.MakeupMaterialData
com/cgfay/filter/glfilter/mosaic/GLImageMosaicTriangleFilter.java
 com.cgfay.filter.glfilter.mosaic.GLImageMosaicTriangleFilter
com/cgfay/filter/glfilter/stickers/bean/DynamicSticker.java
 com.cgfay.filter.glfilter.stickers.bean.DynamicSticker
com/cgfay/filter/glfilter/base/GLImageFilter.java
 com.cgfay.filter.glfilter.base.GLImageFilter
 com.cgfay.filter.glfilter.base.GLImageFilter$1
 com.cgfay.filter.glfilter.base.GLImageFilter$2
 com.cgfay.filter.glfilter.base.GLImageFilter$3
 com.cgfay.filter.glfilter.base.GLImageFilter$4
 com.cgfay.filter.glfilter.base.GLImageFilter$5
 com.cgfay.filter.glfilter.base.GLImageFilter$6
 com.cgfay.filter.glfilter.base.GLImageFilter$7
 com.cgfay.filter.glfilter.base.GLImageFilter$8
 com.cgfay.filter.glfilter.base.GLImageFilter$9
com/cgfay/filter/glfilter/resource/bean/ResourceType.java
 com.cgfay.filter.glfilter.resource.bean.ResourceType
com/cgfay/filter/ndkfilter/ImageFilter.java
 com.cgfay.filter.ndkfilter.ImageFilter
 com.cgfay.filter.ndkfilter.ImageFilter$1
 com.cgfay.filter.ndkfilter.ImageFilter$ImageFilterHolder
com/cgfay/filter/glfilter/resource/MakeupHelper.java
 com.cgfay.filter.glfilter.resource.MakeupHelper
com/cgfay/filter/glfilter/color/GLImageDynamicColorFilter.java
 com.cgfay.filter.glfilter.color.GLImageDynamicColorFilter
com/cgfay/filterlibrary/BuildConfig.java
 com.cgfay.filterlibrary.BuildConfig
com/cgfay/filter/glfilter/beauty/bean/BeautyParam.java
 com.cgfay.filter.glfilter.beauty.bean.BeautyParam
com/cgfay/filter/glfilter/base/GLImageAudioFilter.java
 com.cgfay.filter.glfilter.base.GLImageAudioFilter
 com.cgfay.filter.glfilter.base.GLImageAudioFilter$1
 com.cgfay.filter.glfilter.base.GLImageAudioFilter$1$1
 com.cgfay.filter.glfilter.base.GLImageAudioFilter$AudioPlayer
 com.cgfay.filter.glfilter.base.GLImageAudioFilter$PlayerStatus
com/cgfay/filter/glfilter/effect/GLImageDynamicEffectFilter.java
 com.cgfay.filter.glfilter.effect.GLImageDynamicEffectFilter
com/cgfay/filter/glfilter/multiframe/GLImageFrameEdgeBlurFilter.java
 com.cgfay.filter.glfilter.multiframe.GLImageFrameEdgeBlurFilter
com/cgfay/filter/glfilter/effect/GLImageEffectIllusionFilter.java
 com.cgfay.filter.glfilter.effect.GLImageEffectIllusionFilter
com/cgfay/filter/glfilter/base/GLImage3X3ConvolutionFilter.java
 com.cgfay.filter.glfilter.base.GLImage3X3ConvolutionFilter
com/cgfay/filter/glfilter/resource/bean/ResourceData.java
 com.cgfay.filter.glfilter.resource.bean.ResourceData
com/cgfay/filter/glfilter/color/DynamicColorBaseFilter.java
 com.cgfay.filter.glfilter.color.DynamicColorBaseFilter
com/cgfay/filter/glfilter/stickers/GLImageDynamicStickerFilter.java
 com.cgfay.filter.glfilter.stickers.GLImageDynamicStickerFilter
com/cgfay/filter/glfilter/makeup/MakeupBaseLoader.java
 com.cgfay.filter.glfilter.makeup.MakeupBaseLoader
 com.cgfay.filter.glfilter.makeup.MakeupBaseLoader$1
com/cgfay/filter/glfilter/utils/OpenGLUtils.java
 com.cgfay.filter.glfilter.utils.OpenGLUtils
com/cgfay/filter/glfilter/makeup/MakeupVertices.java
 com.cgfay.filter.glfilter.makeup.MakeupVertices
com/cgfay/filter/audioplayer/AudioFocusChangeListener.java
 com.cgfay.filter.audioplayer.AudioFocusChangeListener
com/cgfay/filter/glfilter/utils/Rotation.java
 com.cgfay.filter.glfilter.utils.Rotation
 com.cgfay.filter.glfilter.utils.Rotation$1
com/cgfay/filter/glfilter/base/GLImageInputFilter.java
 com.cgfay.filter.glfilter.base.GLImageInputFilter
com/cgfay/filter/glfilter/multiframe/GLImageDrosteFilter.java
 com.cgfay.filter.glfilter.multiframe.GLImageDrosteFilter
com/cgfay/filter/glfilter/stickers/DynamicStickerBaseFilter.java
 com.cgfay.filter.glfilter.stickers.DynamicStickerBaseFilter
com/cgfay/filter/glfilter/base/GLImage64LookupTableFilter.java
 com.cgfay.filter.glfilter.base.GLImage64LookupTableFilter
com/cgfay/filter/glfilter/makeup/bean/DynamicMakeup.java
 com.cgfay.filter.glfilter.makeup.bean.DynamicMakeup
com/cgfay/filter/glfilter/effect/GLImageEffectGlitterWhiteFilter.java
 com.cgfay.filter.glfilter.effect.GLImageEffectGlitterWhiteFilter
com/cgfay/filter/glfilter/stickers/DynamicStickerFrameFilter.java
 com.cgfay.filter.glfilter.stickers.DynamicStickerFrameFilter
com/cgfay/filter/glfilter/beauty/bean/IBeautify.java
 com.cgfay.filter.glfilter.beauty.bean.IBeautify
com/cgfay/filter/glfilter/adjust/GLImageSaturationFilter.java
 com.cgfay.filter.glfilter.adjust.GLImageSaturationFilter
com/cgfay/filter/glfilter/base/GLImageOESInputFilter.java
 com.cgfay.filter.glfilter.base.GLImageOESInputFilter
com/cgfay/filter/glfilter/makeup/bean/MakeupBaseData.java
 com.cgfay.filter.glfilter.makeup.bean.MakeupBaseData
com/cgfay/filter/glfilter/base/GLImageDrawElementsFilter.java
 com.cgfay.filter.glfilter.base.GLImageDrawElementsFilter
com/cgfay/filter/glfilter/beauty/GLImageOldBeautyFilter.java
 com.cgfay.filter.glfilter.beauty.GLImageOldBeautyFilter
com/cgfay/filter/glfilter/base/GLImageGaussianBlurFilter.java
 com.cgfay.filter.glfilter.base.GLImageGaussianBlurFilter
com/cgfay/filter/glfilter/adjust/GLImageHueFilter.java
 com.cgfay.filter.glfilter.adjust.GLImageHueFilter
com/cgfay/filter/glfilter/color/bean/DynamicColorData.java
 com.cgfay.filter.glfilter.color.bean.DynamicColorData
com/cgfay/filter/gles/EglCore.java
 com.cgfay.filter.gles.EglCore
com/cgfay/filter/gles/OffscreenSurface.java
 com.cgfay.filter.gles.OffscreenSurface
com/cgfay/filter/glfilter/color/DynamicColorFilter.java
 com.cgfay.filter.glfilter.color.DynamicColorFilter
com/cgfay/filter/glfilter/face/GLImageFacePointsFilter.java
 com.cgfay.filter.glfilter.face.GLImageFacePointsFilter
com/cgfay/filter/glfilter/effect/GLImageEffectSoulStuffFilter.java
 com.cgfay.filter.glfilter.effect.GLImageEffectSoulStuffFilter
com/cgfay/filter/glfilter/makeup/MakeupNormalLoader.java
 com.cgfay.filter.glfilter.makeup.MakeupNormalLoader
 com.cgfay.filter.glfilter.makeup.MakeupNormalLoader$1
com/cgfay/filter/glfilter/adjust/GLImageAdjustFilter.java
 com.cgfay.filter.glfilter.adjust.GLImageAdjustFilter
com/cgfay/filter/glfilter/color/bean/DynamicColorBaseData.java
 com.cgfay.filter.glfilter.color.bean.DynamicColorBaseData
 com.cgfay.filter.glfilter.color.bean.DynamicColorBaseData$UniformData
com/cgfay/filter/glfilter/makeup/bean/MakeupNormaData.java
 com.cgfay.filter.glfilter.makeup.bean.MakeupNormaData
com/cgfay/filter/glfilter/base/GLImageGroupFilter.java
 com.cgfay.filter.glfilter.base.GLImageGroupFilter
com/cgfay/filter/glfilter/effect/GLImageEffectFilter.java
 com.cgfay.filter.glfilter.effect.GLImageEffectFilter
com/cgfay/filter/glfilter/makeup/GLImageMakeupFilter.java
 com.cgfay.filter.glfilter.makeup.GLImageMakeupFilter
