com/badlogic/gdx/math/Shape2D.java
 com.badlogic.gdx.math.Shape2D
com/badlogic/gdx/math/Viewport.java
 com.badlogic.gdx.math.Viewport
com/badlogic/gdx/math/Vector3.java
 com.badlogic.gdx.math.Vector3
com/badlogic/gdx/math/Camera.java
 com.badlogic.gdx.math.Camera
com/badlogic/gdx/math/Circle.java
 com.badlogic.gdx.math.Circle
com/badlogic/gdx/math/GdxRuntimeException.java
 com.badlogic.gdx.math.GdxRuntimeException
com/badlogic/gdx/math/Plane.java
 com.badlogic.gdx.math.Plane
 com.badlogic.gdx.math.Plane$PlaneSide
com/badlogic/gdx/math/Rectangle.java
 com.badlogic.gdx.math.Rectangle
com/badlogic/gdx/math/Affine2.java
 com.badlogic.gdx.math.Affine2
com/badlogic/gdx/math/Matrix4.java
 com.badlogic.gdx.math.Matrix4
com/badlogic/gdx/math/Ray.java
 com.badlogic.gdx.math.Ray
com/badlogic/gdx/math/BoundingBox.java
 com.badlogic.gdx.math.BoundingBox
com/badlogic/gdx/math/Frustum.java
 com.badlogic.gdx.math.Frustum
com/badlogic/gdx/math/InputProcessor.java
 com.badlogic.gdx.math.InputProcessor
com/badlogic/gdx/math/Vector2.java
 com.badlogic.gdx.math.Vector2
com/badlogic/gdx/math/InputAdapter.java
 com.badlogic.gdx.math.InputAdapter
com/badlogic/gdx/math/Quaternion.java
 com.badlogic.gdx.math.Quaternion
com/badlogic/gdx/math/NumberUtils.java
 com.badlogic.gdx.math.NumberUtils
com/badlogic/gdx/math/RandomXS128.java
 com.badlogic.gdx.math.RandomXS128
com/badlogic/gdx/math/Matrix3.java
 com.badlogic.gdx.math.Matrix3
com/badlogic/gdx/math/Vector.java
 com.badlogic.gdx.math.Vector
com/badlogic/gdx/math/MathUtils.java
 com.badlogic.gdx.math.MathUtils
 com.badlogic.gdx.math.MathUtils$Sin
com/badlogic/gdx/math/OrthographicCamera.java
 com.badlogic.gdx.math.OrthographicCamera
com/badlogic/gdx/BuildConfig.java
 com.badlogic.gdx.BuildConfig
